why yay hey everyone can we poke anyone
watching oh damn this is tragic do you
remember last time Hallie oh it's
because we had such a mess up last time
that people who don't want to watch this
again probably our dad upstairs Oh a mom
but still this one oh I've got someone
nine people watching ah do you know what
74 there we go I'm gonna put post on
Instagram just so you know might not be
aware that we're now look everyone do
you know any every wise for GCSE results
tomorrow you get crackin kids to come
GCSE results advice um that was two
years ago for me now but I was really
nervous but at the end of the day you've
done what you can you'll be fine so
don't stress about it but also I'd say
like if you want to open your results
like by yourself that's fine too like
often there's a lot of pressure like all
your friends and your teachers the
surrounding you that's a terrible advice
because you know what I did I went and
got my results I walked off to open on
my own on a bench so I open them all
just by jesting the information I stand
up to go tell page and the press come
over and start questioning me like I'm
but won't you come and just get some
alone time and they put that in the
paper she did well everyone wants to
know if I was I didn't even know what I
got they look what she got my don't know
I just open them can I talk to my
friends please I did cut my hair okay
I'm just gonna do a quick Instagram post
right I think my dad's phone I film on
my phone it's all very good case but
like we will get going guys don't worry
like I'm on it okay Lydia do a little
smile oh wait you video I brought you to
save me a photo hey I was like I just
wasn't sure what I was doing there come
join us live come on hurry up okay you
you get going you get right what people
asking do you like pink page das pink
can you tell who's pink her t-shirts
pink yes my gosh
yep she likes pink a bit lukewarm on the
pink thing though your story done all
right we're ready okay
what's your age difference we can do
that one one year nearly two years it's
basically two years but it's not two
years it's just under two years so I'm
20 Lydia's 18 but people often think I'm
older it really actually bugs me when
people say we look like twins
unlike never we all never we got that a
lot like our first school yes or what
our worst as people think she's older
sometimes and I'm like no I have a
serious maturity I could be older I cook
better you don't cook pages signature
dish is spaghetti hoops with vinegar so
not anymore did ya if you'd watched my
most recent video you would know my
cooking rest we have an easy bit I don't
do spaghetti hoops anymore Oh anyway
right how long does it take to move into
your cambridge room like under a day I
have I I don't pack like for uni so it
takes longer than most people but a few
hours but like if I just put my mind to
it and I'm like Ryan let's just get
everything sorted then I could just
settle down
like normally I get dropped off at work
cuz I start like 5:00 and then often my
mum and dad are back to pick me up for
like three o'clock so yeah my parents
dropped me off at uni so they want to
get away quite quickly so don't like
right
I'm packing stuff so let yourself up
from there bye bye no I suppose lots of
people are off to uni soon isn't that
exciting medium what I do Lydia Starling
University big day will you change your
room at uni yeah my room's changing I
change room every year but it's still
like the college still owns the
accommodation so it's not only treating
Oxford and Cambridge or any other
universities like that I'm asking a
question stuff I don't know actually I
think not many other universities like
that I mean it's unusual that you'd get
you'd stay what is technically staying
in halls for all of your degree
the monsters would you still live in the
accommodation yeah oh I see you just get
accommodation yeah what uni is your
sister at what university you starting
with yeah I'm going to be going to UCL
London life for human sciences oh and
what does human sciences entail because
like actually I still don't know it's
I'm quite interested I'm not entirely
sure I know but I don't know guys don't
apply for university courses when you
don't know what like no I went along to
open down I love the sound of it but
it's kind of like with Paige she did
natural start so you can pick a lot of
your own modules it's similar so it's
basically the study of human so you do a
lot of biology which I really enjoy that
it's a bit of psychology I've never done
psychology before so that'll be
interesting but yeah mainly you're going
to UCL - oh I will see you there you can
make friends with Sarah or Sarah yeah I
think she's got an ood you or it she's
already made a friend before starting
uni or is that like a head start or
neurons going what is your one must have
at uni like what do I take like the one
most important thing I take laptop or
computer now I have a desktop now but I
used have a laptop that's your most
important thing that's one thing you
couldn't live I literally I know I
couldn't get by at uni without it how
about your phone I need what I need my
phone cuz I film one in it not even
necessarily for social purposes but
because I film on my phone I'd need my
phone
but then I'd need my my laptop to edit
and for my uni work so actually I could
survive at uni without my phone cuz I
could do all my uni work just on my
laptop but I couldn't do YouTube if I
didn't have my phone so I suppose I
suppose the degree is probably priority
but take make sure you have a phone and
a laptop or computer that you need you
don't actually have to choose between
those who do you have laptops any tips
for starting University vlogging
oh my god just have confidence don't
care what other people think about you
you like cuz most of the time people be
like oh that's actually a pretty cool I
mean it's turned out okay for her yeah
it was a shock for everyone yeah why are
ever starting uni and people my friends
kept my room and were like we've just
seen you in YouTube videos I don't know
what response they were like wanting
from me but I was just like yeah did you
like
like just genuinely just go for it be
yourself on camera and yeah people would
like for being yourself yeah and do you
know what I love that I've got this
record to look back on now like when you
started this I said to you to start this
as like a record so that I could watch
what she was doing cuz I hadn't lived
apart from you before like I said who
cares if people subscribe but then
people did subscribe and actually I
don't even watch anymore so really the
whole purpose of this channel I will
stop what I'll make that my resolution
for like some time but Star Wars yeah
I've been editing video so recently over
summer and while I'm oh hi miss
University yeah you never liked being
here is she she gets back and then she's
miserable the moat I want to go back to
university I want to go back to
University there she goes to University
and tells me she's stressed all time oh
you weren't stressed when you were here
you wanted to go back to the stress so
universities great they're like if
you're going to uni just get excited
like videos excited I'm excited it's big
change this is like you get that like
more independence right okay what we got
going on how was life without Paige when
she left the Cambridge for the first
time how was it video I celebrated for
the first few days I think she missed me
that's what I've heard
other sources it was it was different I
think it was an adjustment but if he
hadn't became more independent because I
had fun at home our parents are on the
top floor and then me and pager on this
floor but now I've kind of had this ball
to myself so I have friends around more
put put them in Paige's bedroom this is
like my study room I my a level revision
that bed was where my history revision
happened I just sat in there imported my
fight I've used to ring that you're up
from University and we'd be on FaceTime
and she'll answer the phone I'd be like
why are you in my room I don't like what
goes on in my house studies list cuz
when I come in here I think Paige is
smart
think more like Paige that's a
compliment I'm studying your rooms yeah
Lydia that's a load of rubbish I like
studying this room so basically your
sibling goes to university you have more
room for yourself it's great and then
they come back I'm annoying you so you
don't miss them too much
you're 11 advice so going into year 11 I
take it so my advice is
work hard and like yeah is tough lot
I'd say GCC's are probably like the
toughest set of exams you'll ever do
because they love us yeah 100% I found
because you've got so many subjects like
you're juggling so much
but once you've through GCC's then it's
it's only like yeah like you're doing
only the subjects you like once gtcys
are done with and I just gotta think
though even though that the GC sees
themself so I think time stress I spend
more time revising producing sees them
for a levels the a-level papers
themselves are harder
oh yeah well obviously obviously get
less if you look at the two different
yeah yeah like it's always gonna get
worse like university workers obviously
worse than a level lose Wow so sit for
today but like you're learning exciting
stuff anyway like yeah but year 11 what
would I do I
so for GCSEs and year 11 I just made
tons of flashcards like basically my
whole of year 11 was me sitting that
making it's basically a memory test it
is it really is I don't too much it has
changed a bit now the science can paper
some more implied I feel like a lot of
its memory you'd have to accept that
though and I remember I did a load of
flashcards of my friends like me and my
friends used to test each other in year
11 on flashcards and that was really
helpful oh here's a question do you miss
your sister when your college short
maybe a little bit I like to call her
every now and again I get a call about
once every two months but she's suddenly
interested in my anything going on with
you that'll be the one time we have a
chat
I do sometimes hear about your life from
people do you what it'll be what is the
most important ability need to master in
order to be successful at uni I remember
in like my first term you probably saw
in the vlogs a bit actually like I
stayed at a she maybe didn't look it I
was probably afraid of being judged but
I did stay up till like the early hours
of the morning completing work that was
true the next day when really I should
have done like I feel like there's so
much like a place like any breeze you
get a lot of works it's not
as possible and you would do like bribe
it is possible because I've not had to
do that this year
oh I was just extremely poor at time
management when I first started uni like
I just didn't prioritize stuff that was
gee first when I should have but like
you know anything you're higher you
figure it out a few weeks and then
you're like oh wait
by the end of first year I had it down
but yeah time management is the most
important ability once you've got that
sorted like you plan out when all your
revision is like it's easy like by the
time exams come around it's fine oh yeah
you seem pretty relaxed when I spoke to
you around exam season yeah I mean you
know we won't talk about the fact that I
stayed up like the night before my exams
never again till next year of course
when I pull her nose you're I'm
stressing I'm revising obviously never
again like this exam season was awful
I say this is the most excite finest
worse and juiciest his stress wise just
because I think that was more riding on
it like GCC is a caduceus egos bad you
going oh well but in a TOEFL goes well I
came up and I've ruined my whole life is
over not to be dramatic but also like
you don't ruin your heart your whole
life do you like you can go to my the
university's so no I'm in the end I was
being dramatic but that's how I felt at
the time I think I came out of one and
my mom it had a not-so-great day at work
so we just went after breakfast yeah
we'd given up yeah
give an account of your own little
results day tell us how it went
what did you get up to stay well I had a
list of clearing numbers because I was
absolutely convinced I wasn't getting
into my Gumi like I thought biology I'd
screwed up one of the papers so bad but
that was gonna drag me down completely
so basically I was ready for it
it wasn't even eight o'clock I think I
just got out the shower actually and I
was in my dressing gown I was about to
get ready that I wanted to be ready to
get in the car get straight over to my
college to get my results if I needed to
get them for clearing then my friend
messed me to say should go into Bristol
so I hope do you know that it's like new
cast tracks updates on what well they're
half an hour early like you know so do
well I went on it and I've got into my
thumb so I should just kind of start
back down that's all it's done I went
running up the stairs to tell my parents
okay I've got until you see out and they
were like oh my god really I was like
and I think I've read it wrong it's too
early we weren't running
and again to check but no I hadn't read
it wrong and I had got in so after that
was a pretty nice day I went up for
breakfast or my friends went into
college went out in the evening as you
do
I'm quite sad I wasn't there I was
working I was a drama by literally I was
thinking oh so great I was ringing up
cuz you not allow phones at your
internship so you couldn't even you know
well that's what I was taught by mom if
so my internship was in an office so it
doesn't look too good if you're sitting
there on your phone yeah like it's not
like school where you're gonna have your
phone band like is a proper job but when
you want like able to message really
like know like it wouldn't look too good
especially as an intern who's trying to
impress cuz you were trying to get the
job that day I think so but that was the
presentation day well it means so
there's basically I might be offered a
job out of my internship so like I
wanted to remain well obviously I would
act like that anyway but you know like
you don't want to like do anything
that's taking a Liberty or anything like
that do you yeah yeah okay you see a
leak was University College of London it
does yeah I say cool that someone's from
the Dominican Republic and they don't
raise e that you guys do not even move
in the world I go to the gym you Church
these places gone I eat I'm so badly
traveled as well but it's a good way to
know so I am yeah what inspires you the
most to reach your dreams think about
that one cuz what inspires me the most
every night I think it's just wanting a
good future yeah and when you see other
people around you succeeding you don't
want to be stuck behind I made a video a
little while ago about like what
motivates me oh I watched that one did
you like it I think about bit cringing
that kind of Sundra
I think that kind of summarized like
while I work hard like I enjoy I
enjoy learning and stuff like that so
yeah oh yeah I do like to set goals for
myself and then I'm kind of quite a self
I'm quite a driven person I'm pretty
ambitious just naturally yeah I think I
have raised over the past year that I
want to go more for what I want to do
like my dreams rather than what I know
I'm good at like I'm better at essay
based subjects but I've still got for a
degree with more by yeah because I know
that if I went to law or something I'd
never be happy sad that writing out
contracts or dare whatever is they do
but I think I could really enjoy a
career in biology so I would rather do
something that I enjoy because I want to
be happy you're working for 40 years and
your field mates just hit me like we
have to work for 50 years 50 years
because like the retirement age just
keep going up we were working to borrow
hundreds this straight so so yeah for
following your dreams I want to do
something I enjoy for the next 50 years
and that's what motivates me to keep
studying even when it seems like the
dullest thing in the world
yeah definitely someone said earlier
tips for time management keep the diary
don't know I don't keep sorry yeah what
what happened you know I I like a pen
and paper to be honest but a lot of
people use like that I write everything
down
and like each day when you get up I
write to do this but I don't just write
a list alright next with this time I'm
doing this this time I'm doing this
together one of my biology teacher gave
me a good tip for like when you're
making a revision timetable if you said
make the revision timetable for like six
out of seven days a week if that's what
you're doing might be four out of five
what Evers whatever sort of level of
provision to do at the moment and leave
one day free for catch up of what you've
missed out on the previous day's because
you can make all the revision timetables
in the world but sometimes you just get
pined and then you get a stress when
you're behind boom you've got a spare
day where you can catch up on the stuff
that you didn't finish on earlier in the
week then it doesn't matter as much and
you're less stressed and you get more
done but that is such a good idea it's
going to cuz we revision and timetables
they can be so important all to stick to
I just struggle I move on for the Easter
holidays the first week I was really
good second week I've been working from
8 a.m. until 10 p.m. wasn't really a
good idea in the first place but I think
I've given up I was going out by like 7
o'clock in the evening
doing something like that does allow you
to do stuff cuz don't spend your whole
life advising it's not worth it cuz I
did actually have some mini social life
while Jaden's I went out on Saturday
evenings I've worked as well so I tried
to make myself not completely stop
native unfortunately it doesn't backfire
was well alright it's gonna yeah like
schedule your breaks as well basically
don't just check your working time too
fast my personal statement advice that's
coming up quite soon Britta medicine hey
don't use cliches I mean I get to by
don't say since I was three years old
yeah just don't say that don't read
everyone else's work they like it when
you read stuff like book surrounding us
why did I read a few books and write
about them it's all like super
curricular stuff isn't it which is like
extra curricular stuff related to your
subject so I went to lectures at a local
university on astrophysics stuff that I
then wrote about my personal statement I
did like after-school clubs yeah I'd
also make stuff that you do relevant if
that makes sense so rather than just
saying you have a part-time job say wise
ass like in hearts and ability that you
can use but in your course so maybe
that's time management for example yeah
so just make it relevant because they
like that they want it to all tie em so
if one sentence is I did this the next
sentence should be why did he do it
what did he get from him I'd also
recommend like using resources at your
college cuz what was really great well
we were at we had a great system where
all the old students but come in who'd
done their successful personal
statements and look at yours and give
you advice and I don't think mine would
have been as good if I hadn't had the
advice to just yeah yeah look online as
well there's lots of resources online
for writing personal statements and lots
of useful YouTube videos actually there
are a lot of youtube videos out there on
your desires he's got a youtube video
but y'all wanna I think very very old
one that goes through my personal
statement but there are probably more
recent ones but you can go check mine
out I might do a new one in the coming
weeks if there's interest so I'm gonna
write another personal statement for fun
i I'm just now I'm just gonna keep like
Oh everybody say okay yeah I don't write
like 2,000 words for fall two thousand
words it was like carrot it was in
carrot feels like four thousand
characters or something I wouldn't know
about it oh no two thousand words the
law isn't it yeah that's not a personal
statement is it it's just like her it
says like freezes dissipating it's in
characters like I even space Oh advice
for Jesus freshers oh okay
join clubs within Jesus join the Boat
Club actually if you like that early
starts by the way cuz she I think I came
to stay with you and you or your alarm
went off like Pfeifer it's so much fun
there also go to CAF even if you're not
planning on like having catered meals
for all your time at Jesus like it's
quite a good social time like for
meeting new people right when you start
so get involved with that anything else
I don't know just have fun really go to
the box as well because they're like
organized for freshers and like the
second years will go to and maybe even
the third years I can't believe I'm
gonna be a third year it'll be like
you're gonna be a Kulish granite Aaron
let me get college grandchildren and yet
ask up your college parents like any
questions you have as well like make
full use of them because they can like
give you all the tips and well I
remember before I arrived I wasn't sure
whether there was gonna be an iron so I
just sent a message to my college
parents like is there a nine they asked
they actually told me there would be and
I got there and there wasn't so this is
maybe a bad example but you're closed
parents will be really really useful so
I like ask them like anything and
everything and to be honest genuine
freshers advice just just be friendly to
everyone in in first few weeks you might
not meet your best friend for life in
the first week that's fine it might take
a few months it might take even a year
to me you're good friends and like your
group that you're going to fit in with
but like just get to know everyone and
you have you were quite lucky in a sense
that the people you live with you've got
on really well with so you've kind of
stayed living with a similar people with
a few additions
that's kind of worked out nicely for you
yeah but no in general just be relaxed
don't be nervous about starting uni I
mean you probably are nervous and that
probably doesn't help but like everyone
I've made friends and have a good time
and I figure it's gonna be fine like
yeah it's exciting it's like nervous
exciting speaker worst-case naari just
say it doesn't work that you've always
got your friends from back home like
they're always gonna be there so yeah
don't freak out I had my friends from
home visit me a few weeks in not
immediately don't bring your friends
from home to visit you straight away
because you'll be making new friends and
there'll be lots of events on freshers
week events and stuff like that but yeah
it's not just us if I applied to
Cambridge I didn't I actually applied to
Oxford because they did my course human
sciences I felt the admissions test for
you know if I survived to say yeah I
think it was just because you went like
Lydia is very strong at written stuff in
English stuff there but it was like it
was the TSA and I had maths in it and we
see I hadn't done office GCC it wasn't
complicated maths but I also made a
mistake of doing the English bit first
and the maths bit and then I got the
school that was like when I got my
results that my school was way over the
English but then like one point under
the maps but to be honest you were
unlucky definitely there I'm not too
fast to be honest because I really loved
the course I'm doing it you see Island I
think I might have chosen it anyway even
if I had gotten an offer because it was
very much psychology based a human
science course at Oxford and I but for
the biology parts of it which they
offered to me lucielle say I think
sometimes for me yes that's good
sometimes the labels cut Cambridge and
Oxford just blind people and they think
that's the best place to be but just not
hands on what you want to study what
sort of like university by be warden so
on what's concentration tips because
they get distracted easily okay I don't
have on the best part giving tips on
this because I watched a lot Netflix
Judy to be honest my advice is this is
quite nice but I always concentrate the
most when I've got the camera because I
know the good you know if what I'll be
saying oh you don't actually revising me
if it died it does make you study and
I've heard other people like study
tubers say this too but even if you're
not making it for a YouTube video film
it and then send it to a friend and they
could review that you've been working
the good isn't a good idea like if you
just tied up yourself they can see if
you wander off and go on your phone or
something
or if you film on your phone even better
you can't even go on your phone yeah I
just start banning myself from my phone
I think I've chucked you across the room
once I couldn't get okay but also good
thing for concentrating is I made a
revision timetable at one point where I
was doing like an owl blood than half an
hour break
it's that's a decent length of break so
I was able to concentrate more but it's
always fighting as the day goes on I
find a harder and harder to concentrate
but take regular breaks and just don't
push yourself to the absolute limit like
if you really need to take a break take
a break yeah I think also like the study
environment affects it as well I found I
concentrated a lot more in the library
than in my area because I could see
other people studying around me so that
I don't know and just it was like
complete silence as well like what I
think I'd be fat was the very end when
we were still going to close before
staying leave I'd go in even if I didn't
have first period I'd go in I'd go
straight to the library I've got left
for an hour and a half for the reason
that everyone else is studying and also
type a library was Rudy overcrowded like
it was rude of cool to get a C and if
you're sat there watching Netflix you're
gonna be glad at so much then you're
just gonna want to leave so it kind of
made me revise the back there I will be
killed by don't revise if that makes
sense so so that was good for me and I
stayed late sometimes and then when I'm
here I move around the house into
different rooms
yeah it's good to change it up a bit as
well you don't get stuck in one place
do I think Emmanuelle is a good college
um yeah they get their laundry done for
them so I said excellent college I'll go
that why wouldn't you go that sounds
luxury yeah they put it like outside
maybe that's not the proper uni
experience it sounds amazing and then
Bev like a little is it a lake or a pond
in the college I think it's quite pretty
inside in there Marshall I've been there
a few times for like organised events
but no my it's got a fairly good
reputation among the Cambridge colleges
so yeah good
it's almost know why you chose physics
there for chemistry I always prefer
physics I was just scared that I
couldn't do physics and that I was
better at chemists you've always been
pretty good at chemistry but I think
your interest has been yeah do you know
you know what I've always had in the
back of my mind that space is really
cool I can't even tell you much about
space I don't know much about space at
all but like I just look I just think oh
planets stars that's cool isn't it is it
I like the idea of space the idea of
like they're somewhere up there being
other civilisations and then also I'm
not too bad at math so I'd say maths is
my stress not too bad at maths but
you're very good at math well I know
like I'm saying like comparatively to
like science like applied like science
stuff I'd say I'm better at maths then
because he was doing you don't Maps
module last year you did double physics
math so yeah and then I know
astrophysics is quite maths heavy so
like that kind of supported that so
you're doing pure physics I'm just doing
astrophysics next year which is kind of
what that's why I opted to it this kind
of this physics year was kind of the
stepping stone to the astrophysics right
and now I'm back so is that other
options from going from physics so you
can't just do normal physics right like
that would have been an option for me
this year to just do straight physics
next year but I decided to go for the
Astro yeah that's why I chose physics
over chemistry I think yeah it was kind
of playing to my strengths but kind of
Knox I probably was stronger in
chemistry than physics but now that it's
basically maths anyway he's flying
what would you both defend the same time
if we did do any of the same we nearly
undid all of them the facilitating
subjects between us because that's why
yeah cuz that's why I would if I wanted
you facilitating subjects I didn't know
why we're to do right explain what
facilitating subject is for people who
don't know isn't it just like the
universities like them yes I think it
was like a list published by the Russell
Group Ian
Versa T's which are like the top
universities in the UK or I mean they
once were that it's probably changed a
bit now but they are all very good
universities with good reputations in
the UK they published a list of subjects
which they likes to see can make supply
wares and they recommend people take at
least two facilitating subjects
yeah and ask for me I had no idea what I
wanted to do at that point so I took
free because I thought that old give me
options yes the reason so I did English
literature history and biology
I regret English literature but I'm
really pleased of my other two choices
but she was very good English literature
so does it and then ideally manfist
further maths physics and chemistry
which was good I liked my choices I wish
I've done a language that's the only
thing but I just couldn't fit it in
that's what I'm excited about next year
because one of my favorite things about
my course is that I can do a language
module and I've always wanted to be
fluent in French like I've always wanted
to be fluent in French and now I'm
jealous that she's gonna be fluent in
French and I'm not
oh yeah hurts the Language Center next
year go on I joined you that's on my
bucket list learn French say me like I
know this is a really odd thing to have
to want to happen but I really want to
have a dream in another language a dream
does that happen when yeah I've spoken
to you before you unlike bilingual and
they can dream an even language they can
think about that's what I want to be
able to do because that's like the
ultimate you're fluent if you're
dreaming in that language you're
learning
yeah I just saw a question do you think
3rd you'll be tougher than the second
year she hopes not I think it will
actually be better because I'm just
doing stuff I'm interested in like it's
even more specialized than last year I
know I'm interested in astrophysics have
you spoken to a students you've done the
third year I have I've spoken to
students who have done the third and
fourth year and they said like things
just went got like went up for them like
as soon as they hit third year because
like it was it's a really good course
apparently the department I'm joining
it's really friendly so that helps and
I'll have less contact hours I think as
well than I did last year so that's good
how about one touch hours you're gonna
have this year then I don't know yet but
I've pretty sure it is less cuz I don't
have any labs
next year either and I think in general
I'm gonna because I like I kind of learn
in my second year that putting a little
pressure on myself isn't a good thing it
just makes me more stressed and doesn't
necessarily improve my results yeah I've
really regret my um my bar G level I
panicked and because of that my second
peg was really weak in comparative to
the other two papers and it's
frustrating looking back because that
could have been a lot better if I hadn't
panicked yeah it's not a reflection of
my weakness of biology but my panicking
yeah which is annoying but it is please
don't you need a PhD for astrophysics if
I want to go into like astrophysics
research then yes I don't know what I
want to do yet so if I did yeah we'll
see I'm just kind of taking it one year
at a time
goodie third year astrophysics see I
might hate it by the end of the year I
don't think I will but you know you
never know someone wants to know how we
deal with stress not very well it would
be very stretchy part and when it comes
to exams I like talking to be honest the
best thing to relieve my fresh is going
my stress it's going to speak with my
friends is that what you do I go away
walks I starts a bit weird it's like
wearing your head I can't think and this
is that if I'm really stressed about an
exam unless y'all just leave the house I
take some music and I'll go for like
half an hour walk and then when I come
back and revise guys I think it's a bit
when old person thing to do but it's
always worked for me and that's why I've
always done if I'm stressed about
something you say I'd recommend it do
how that'll be in the centre of London
but we're not quite as relaxing I think
cause you because you'll find when
you're at university you're living like
in halls so you'll be surrounded by
friends
that's what cuz I always know that I
feel my friends be around for a chat and
like when I'm having a laugh what you
kind of forget about this forget it
yeah like distressing going out SAS
evenings like it was nice just to chill
and just to laugh a little bit cuz I've
always it was just so serious the whole
time do you know what I'm really bad at
though
well I stress eat like I'll say I'm like
get me some chocolate I can't do
and it's probably not the best way of
dealing funny conversation Bayless I was
talking to someone who I don't know that
well but they just doing any ups on
Michaels on the train with them they
were like oh I'm I can't wait for a
levels behavior so my eating space like
oh I know I've been eating chocolate
bars actually this morning on a massive
breakfast I'm eating lunch again now and
all this coffee yes oh no I meant that I
haven't eaten anything for the last two
weeks and I was like oh yes I haven't
been binge eating I don't stop eating
when I'm stressed how did you search for
internships
well my university ran a few careers
events I'm sure they do that I'm pretty
sure most universities have a courier
service so go in and see them or I also
looked online actually ended up applying
for the internship that I have just
finished three bright Network which is
an online site which lists a load of
different internships and they also have
like advice for applications on there as
well so I found that really useful and
they I signed up for that at my freshers
fair at the start of the year and then
if you're looking for a research
internship
there's my again my University
Department had a load of research
internships listed that I was looking at
and then also I looked up online I found
a site that listed a load of
astrophysics research internships so
just search it up on the internet you'll
probably hit on something if not ask
someone in your department yeah as well
as people to help I think of these
places its calculus required is that for
like your degree yes we do do calculus
quite a bit of calculus actually so it's
good fun oh must never spot that GCC
results could luck okay you just thought
you got you've got to chill out it's
it's cool just like we're backing you
you've worked hard
we made it for GCC results day they're
still alive like we survived to the end
of it and I think is well once you know
you know like it was killing me not
knowing what I was doing next year up
until a week ago is it we go stays it
fell yeah
Lydia we know this time last week I
didn't even know if I was going to
university or not
was in a right state like I got to the
point where I was like I don't care I'm
going to university I'm taking a gap
here getting a full-time job it doesn't
matter to me I just wanted to know
because the end of the day I move out in
like five weeks four weeks five weeks
and not knowing was stressing me out
because I couldn't prepare for something
I didn't know what I was doing so at
least now I can like buy a saucepan he
was winning in the Premier League I have
no idea
we I don't follow the football I'm
afraid so is it just fantasy that's my
guess
Man City man unite it is the top team
are they no I think Madison actually
meant to be better than Man United oh
well obviously we support Brighton don't
we do do we I mean I live I've been to a
Brighton game someone someone asked me
the other day do you support the
seagulls and I was like you mean
football yeah who is she with you this
my sister hi nice to meet you younger
sister let's just emphasize but I could
be older yeah okay how do you deal with
bad marks is uni pick yourself up pick
yourself back up afterwards dust myself
off I always give myself a 24-hour
mourning period if I get a bad mark that
sounds really stupid but like I get
really annoyed about it so say I got
like marking history that I wasn't happy
about I get it and I blow that's one
half order I worked really hard I don't
like it so I'll be upset then I'll get
angry then I'll go talk to the teacher
and be like what and then see but then
eventually I calm down the next day I go
in I go speak to my teacher get some
advice and then I improved my writing
and stuff like that and then you get
there so basically just be patient
because it is frustrating I think see it
as a positive as well think now I know
that air is only to work on you know you
know where you need to improve I don't
think anyone's ever gonna see you
getting up is a good thing you get some
more direction to be fair actually I
think especially in like science subject
like in biology getting a question wrong
is sometimes more helpful than getting a
question right because if you get it
wrong I remember that question and there
was one I missed a bad example on my
part because I got it wrong in the mock
and then got it wrong in the real thing
as well but most people got it wrong in
the mark and then in the real thing
because it was just a stupid little
thing it was about it was a question
about I don't think it was animal cells
or something like that it wasn't even
complicated but I'd got mixed up with
something else in the Mokka I did it
again the actual exam but most people
got it right in the actual exam so that
was a mark that they wouldn't have got
they haven't made the mistake in the
first place and learn from it or you
could just lose so much twice but I'm
over yeah it's better like you don't
have a practice round yeah get it wrong
there do it right in the real thing feel
right on the day if the real thing
doesn't work out either focus on your
next set of exams mm-hmm is what it is
one date I'm saying it with is a lot too
much love Island I know that point was
responsible for a few of my lower a
level the scores watching love on the
night before
tips for choosing subjects I was talking
about obviously just talk in general
about GCC their levels or non decisions
two criteria what you're interested in
what you're good at ideally you'd find
the two combined yeah I'd probably a
prioritize what you enjoy over what
you're good at if you had to pick one
out of the two but I did he look for the
both I did do I took biology
I was never naturally gifted bhurji but
I loved it so much I took it and then my
other two kind of made up for it because
history in English I've never really
been interested in saying that since
doing history I did medieval which is
like witchcraft and stuff and I really
enjoyed that and my teacher was amazing
so I got into it but English I hated for
the whole two years but if I hadn't done
it I don't think I would have got the
grades I got so it was worth doing two
years of that to get onto a uni course
which I love
so if you're prepared to work hard
anything is possible go for anything
yeah so don't think you're not good
enough and especially at GCC to do the
subjects you enjoy cuz I remember so
many people were saying to me
the coaches want this they want that
gorgeous yeah what really doesn't matter
no well I don't see why they were saying
that cuz it really didn't matter at all
like they just want what is it five a
stars to season you're in pretty much
sometimes it's like a be in mapsource or
a seven or six in months 16:06 be yeah
but yeah to our pal will it take exactly
to get into Cambridge one should start
bringing your game up can we scroll it
back I mean you want to work hard the
whole way through it so Cambridge will
and the admissions like the admissions
team look at your GCSE results they look
at your performance in your first year
of a levels and they look at your
passing statement and then they look at
the interview and your admissions
assessment and they take all of that
into account they don't put more
emphasis on one thing the other it's all
taken into account it's the holistic
approach they call it so yes you want to
have fairly strong GCSE results to be
applying but if your GCSE results are a
bit lower well I think can kind of bring
it back a bit is your performance in
first-year available yeah I still apply
don't think because you've got a few
lower juicy secrets you can't apply for
their top universities because it should
do t greater good they will still
consider you yeah just like proper kick
kick it like get going the first year
right little I'd say because and then
the offers are mostly X dollars is a
nays aren't they so you need to
obviously get good results as long as
you work hard you can do it I remember
so the admissions tutor said to a group
of us who went for a talk at the
University before applying the
admissions cheetah said he didn't read
our personal statements that much
because he had the interview and he felt
like the interview was a much better
indicator than the personal statement so
different admissions tutors are looking
for difference that's what I do like
about Cambridge is how Mason's they do
interview because I think the proportion
of students stay Cambridge interview is
way higher than Oxford interviews I
think you can't reach how much about
student from looking at a list of grace
like cuz it's always the story behind
them isn't there like there's one so say
you've got no Tenet's and a see the
reason you got the see might be because
you just had a really bad day or maybe
it was a subject that you really enjoyed
but weren't that great actually worked
really hard a bit and you're proud of
that see but we're not known a store
if they can't read just look at that and
judge you so I think I think it's
important to meet with students yeah I
like university interviews I feel it's
personal statements as well like
especially Sciences students might not
be the strongest of writing yeah but
then that's not what they're gonna go in
to do anyway like writing so why do they
need to be good at writing it was not
saying that yeah but then people love
the how well written personal statements
are but with personal statements just
get a lot of people to read them for I
think yes before we set mine off my mom
finding we read it for a get a notice
like mister come up which is a major
deal but it's sort of thing that you
won't be able to pick up don't be scared
to do get through loads and loads and
loads of drafts yeah I think I did about
eight drafts
yeah but also on the flip side just
settle for it like you could probably
keep going perfecting it tweaking it for
ages yeah don't drive yourself mad it's
not what sometimes you just need to
accept like it's pretty good as long
once you've had like five people read
through it they all say the thumbs up
thank you I'm really good have you
decided on what you want to do a mass if
you want if you want to do a masters no
I'm sure your decision
I'm so confused when do you have to
decide but I like to apply for it not
until the end of the year are they okay
so I'm fine I've got time to decide I
want to see how much I enjoy third year
and then I'll go from there any cook
thing tips to shelter not exacting to
see what you do and everyone yeah I've
found so I'm in coaxing my strengths is
like staying calm like when there's a
load of commotion going on around like
I'm pretty good staying calm telling the
rowers what to do but what I'm not so
good at is like my tone of voice but you
have to be kind of quite firm with them
and especially in racing like quite
aggressive
even right you've got it you've got to
tell them you know wait they wait my
cruiser said to me is like imagine
you're having an argument with your
younger sister and you're really mad how
would you shelter her and that's the one
who's good at me
lastly you'd think I was really horrible
to you yeah well I mean we don't we
don't tend to argue that much anymore
but we don't see each other enough to be
honest but yeah I think it's just like
being assertive because like in coercing
you do kind of take on that leadership
it's really good practice for going into
a leadership role in the future and it
is because I do find myself a bit tense
if I don't like tell any people know
like you should see me at work when a
costume I can't be said for a customer I
feel really bad and I get all flustered
so I've been claiming to become more
assertive maybe a bit of an coaxing
wouldn't go amiss someone just asked
about our dream jobs I don't that's my
issue
if I knew my dream Jordan I'd know
exactly what I was doing next year
what's yours
well it's actually quite a recent thing
but I think I really want to be a
medical journalist what does that entail
so sip exciting articles about the
latest no that's what it was but it's
not like me I think it can be but it's
quite a lot of it's like writing art
like writing for like nurses writing for
patients to help them understand and for
different companies and stuff like that
and then some could be for magazines and
I like it because I'd be getting new
information about science world every
day and I I really find biology in
science and medicine really interesting
and I want to learn on the job I think
that offers me that and also my
strengths of writing but I find it
interesting so this kind of combines
them that's why I mean I might change my
mind it's discipline over the past month
but that's where I'm at right now
but I've always put your dream job would
be to work at NASA that's why I picked
you
I don't know maybe it could be I don't
know I felt maybe that would be my dream
job I'm not sure whether it be the most
sensible thing to go for stars literally
well someone is summer say they've done
their English language question five for
all I'm sure you haven't wrote about a
newspaper why not I did the same and I
think in English language I think well I
thought that's meant to be like a comic
or newspaper and it was actually a super
serious one and I came out found that
out from my teacher and I was at oh my
god I failed I think I've got a nine in
that exam so relax it's fine doing
something stupid like that they have
what their mark schemes the way it works
is it doesn't matter they'll market for
what you've done you're rewarded for
what you've done especially in English
they don't mark you down for what you've
written so don't panic whoever you are
you're gonna be fine I'm doing
geometrical optics physics and maths as
modules in my first year how much am I
gonna stress not at all don't stress I'm
telling you they're coming from those
jostle herself I feel like it's under
your control of these dresses a choice
do your work a few days in advance
yeah it might be tough work but at the
end of day first year as well
it's normally got a lesser waiting when
it comes to a final grade right normally
and it's kind of your year when you're
kind of adjusting settling into uni so I
definitely saw first year as getting the
round rounded University experience yeah
making sure I got involved with all that
because this is your one shot how many
other times in life are you gonna
suddenly be able to take up coaxing or
suddenly be able to take up Boorman that
and dancing like not many other times in
your life like university should
opportunity to try out a few different
new things and I think first is the
perfect time to get involved with that
so don't stress get involved with other
stuff and don't put too much pressure on
academics in the first year yeah I just
wanna enjoy the Express and a fair share
because for me my priority is being
happy where I'm at because I'm not just
the first I'm not gonna be living here
like I say I want to do well but if I
have to drop a few marks and a paper for
the sake of being happy and enjoying
myself it's definitely worth it yeah if
something goes really quickly
what else have to talk about go talk
about holidays and summer we're gonna
talk about some fans yeah we're going on
a family holiday cannot wait no I'm
literally very excited I need some Sun
is especially exciting for me because
I'm literally it's my last day of my job
and the next day we've got a holiday so
I never have to do myself a job again oh
I don't like my Saturday job I do like
it but I might not quite now before I'm
ready to move on so it's varrick's I'm
I'm finally probably on my summer
holiday because my internship ended last
week and don't get me wrong I had the
best time ever on my internship I am
quite sad to have left the office but
I've needed this summer holiday like
it's very relaxing you need to an
internship yeah I feel truly free now
and to be going on holiday as well I
cannot wait
yeah like summer I've been I went to
Vietnam earlier this summer so I really
enjoyed that we're going with a few
friends because I've never really seen
that kind of sort of the world before so
I enjoyed seeing new cultures so for
anyone who's got a bit of time off after
a level year or something like that take
any opportunity that you get said yeah
hey or opportunities that's my new motto
that my dad gave to me he said Paige
take all opportunities I said ok and now
that's what I'm doing I'm going to China
in like a month time and this video just
like last week so actually very
impromptu decision going with the Boat
Club things like my wavering but I
thought when you've got that off of that
on the table and you're into such a new
point you could go why not go like just
take it like I'd also other summer plans
I've been seeing my friends a lot just
enjoying chilling out I'm not stressing
obviously when we saw each other joannec
sounds
wasn't always the most relaxing thing
yeah I lovin that I've just been working
a lot because obviously I think you need
quite expensive so I've been trying to
save so I think over this month I've
done I've worked 14 days and taken 14
days with my friends which I think it's
a good balance
exactly that is a good balance like make
the most of your silent before
University don't be doing what like I
could to emic work because you have
enough of that when you start yeah I've
actually I've been sets
work for my course what about gently say
anything for I don't know I don't know
how common it is for university to set
work I think I got set a very small
amount before I start at Cambridge but
so say cuz we're going wood and then we
come back and I've only got a few days
so I don't have much time to do much I
think I see myself doing in freshers
week even yeah just make the most of
your summer I say someone's asked what
my Saturday job is um I welcome
supermarket so I do all the different
sections
finally the Gallup sisters Oliva it's
gonna be strange isn't it yeah I was
thinking earlier today cuz in there I
was baking today and I thought I liked
it bye I hate this I hate it I love it
but I need to leave I think it made me
think I don't want to work in a
supermarket for the rest of my yeah
definately I find it quite exhausting
just going in there for a couple of days
we work I find hard like coz like
there's lots of different areas you can
work in but I would definitely recommend
getting a Saturday job while you're
doing your a levels oh yeah 100 I think
that taught me time marchment that's a
tip that does teach you time management
yeah you don't have a choice if you've
got a job you can talk together what
done so yeah how do you remain so fit
physically as well as mentally am I fit
physically actually well I'm happy
started going running quite long I have
been going running she's exposing me I
haven't been running in a while Oh bah
I'm just decided to take up running I
was good in the couch to 5k which I'd
really recommend it was really good I
did the first three weeks and then I
went on this run and for whatever reason
I just didn't feel well when I was
running so I'll just do it tomorrow
instead never went again but I would
like to do that like yeah
I want to get fitter I do want to do
more exercise but just finding the time
and then keeping mentally fit it's just
about that work-life balance isn't like
I feel like spending time with friends
just keeps me sane yeah what drives you
mind even more depending on what your
friends are like not saying anything
does the University of Cambridge for an
age enough to start a degree I don't
know but I know they have trade debt
there's definitely mature colleges where
people who are older than 18 night I
think it's for people above 21 starting
but there's definitely been people
sitting in my lateral theaters who are
older like middle-aged people I don't
say asked about the importance of
extracurriculars for getting into
universities in the UK extra-curricular
sport and stuff isn't that important
unless it's relevant for your course I
think in America it's quite quite inside
right yes so it's definitely not as
important as in America but they say
that when writing a personal statement
you should always put like 20 percent is
it twenty percent extracurriculars and
80 percent about your course yeah and
make the extra quick which is relevant
to you should try and make them as
relevant as possible but I mean for
Cambridge and Oxford in particular
they're they're not interested at all
about whether you've done Duke of
Edinburgh or any sports or stuff only if
they actually relates your subject will
there be interested but other
universities do you like to see things
that you've done actually great that's
like hobbies it's gone quiet I don't
know much about the international
student application process but just
check out the cambridge website and also
don't be afraid of applying because
there are quite a few international
students Cambridge and they all might
have really liked welcomed into the UK
community as well so there's not like
divides or anything like that I've seen
anyway so no international students get
on really well University what advice
would you give to someone who wants to
be a study tuber just keep it really
realistic that's what I've really tried
to do in this channel it's literally
filming what I get up to each day I'm
not gonna try and put anything
for the camera or I'll make it seem like
I studying more than I do or anything
like that I'm just me yeah it's really
unrealistic if you turn on the like
watch a video and there's someone stuck
there studying 24 hours a day because I
don't think anyone does that in real
life and if people do they're not
relatable no offense to them but I think
you ought to have a healthy balance it's
okay to not study the whole time I think
also studied she was about what you need
to be fairly comfortable on camera but
that comes with time so just think of
the camera as like a friend and you're
just having a catch-up someone's worried
about starting uni in Paris I think you
will be fine you will yeah I'd love to
go to Paris I'm jealous yeah um
seriously you so many people you nervous
about starting University but I think
what they don't realize is everyone else
is nervous too it's not just you that's
nervous so you'll get on fine when you
get there people really want you to
teach them how to cook I don't know if
Paige is quite the right candidate for
that job but maybe we'll have to get
someone in I'll see if I can find him
some cooking lessons I'll get back to
you on that
what are you doing in China next month
I'm coaxing it guys I hope it goes ahead
you're just going to it should be it
should be like it's not we haven't like
booked anything yeah though but you know
I know we can't speak any other
languages someone just asked but we
would love to if we both want to speak I
wish I could speak another language they
start biting hot or just go so quickly
are you only taking one subject next
year Paige yes so on the Natural
Sciences course most people just
specialize in third year in one subject
so I'm just doing astrophysics as I was
talking about learning
Thomas is going to their final year of
their history degree
hasn't it gone for
I can't believe I feel like a fresher
I'm Rafael I feel like your Union
Express has gone fast from my
perspective because I've just been a
college but you've just gone completely
through it and now you're finally right
I'm scared of leaving University guys
I've been in education all my life I
know I know but still stress I just want
to be at university forever you love it
that much she won it all that student
debt carrier event if anyone's like
maybe a year ahead of me and has gone
through this like how are you dealing
with this like leaving University and
getting a job I need to know I think
it's gonna be a transition so I think
every stage is a transition like I've
been going to university for me right
ask transition so I think it's just
changed as scary but I'll say okay sure
someone says hi Paigey that's the real
world is scary
yeah is just be a 10 year PhD student
you know maybe that's the back on it
just keep the YouTube going yeah yeah
twelve of Cambridge University page gets
buried okay even someone that uni is so
lonely isn't it I miss all my friends at
universe okay you how I'm gonna react to
it because I miss other words there tip
but maybe it's how I'm good for new
year's time yeah I mean you can keep in
contact with your friends that you need
that I suppose and I suppose it is nice
to be home for a bit it is no yes
evaluates for mine that's nice
what would the relevant extracurriculars
for physics and maths anything that I've
also said are you a physics talk I went
to like lectures on astrophysics at a
local university I did so does anyone
know what step is step is like the maths
admissions assessment that you have to
do to get ou get into math it's how well
they're used to it buzz pick and I
thought yeah it's doing like a fitness
class actually doing math at our College
they used to cool it step and stretch
this society so I can see what they just
thought my masters
I was like why is everyone going to
exercise classes help school and finally
when one of my friends were I was like
hold up you do not go so you do no
exercise you exercise as much as I
exercise my right no we're going to a
mouse thing
no one said yeah but anyway stepped
questions are basically a level
questions bar like the words based on my
a little syllabus but it's really really
tricky but like you get you have to
practice and then you get good at them
but I used to go to these these classes
even though I wasn't going to take step
because I knew it would like you know
very good extracurricular to like help
with my math studies so please do do
that basically yeah basically I think
even you can find a lot of like a little
questions that stretch you online or
like usually ones for Olympiads like
physics and then P at maths Olympiad
geology nice doing those in your spare
time and that's probably quite good to
help with any sort of physics and maths
applications saying you've done that and
taking it upon yourself to do it
mm-hm no we have a lot don't we well
actually to be honest we do sit down
have a conversation quite often don't we
I think when we do talk we talk properly
yeah yeah but we don't yeah this is an
insight I think I said I get eight the G
is going out this evening she's good
I've got takeaway great social life
she's called other hoping for curry but
it might be pizza but they're probably
watching so do it or do either that's
fine
perfectly Corey preparing for the new
academic year that's what we were going
to chat about oh how can you prepare I
mean when you say preparing for the
academic year do you mean like the
actual studies are they're all like just
like being ready in general getting into
the academic coming out of summer you've
had this long summer holiday I'm not
ready to come out but I'm enjoying this
nice chilled life but you
I live in denial dad yeah I've got a
live in denial I'm happy I just out
I go see my friends in the evenings I
eat a lot of food I like it I sleep in
the week before starting flick over your
notes from the previous yeah that's
probably we need to do see unless you're
going talking University course it's
irrelevant to your run a levels cuz
quite a lot of courses I could you know
what I'm doing to prepare for the new
academic year I'll be learning to code
to do that for Astrophysics yeah what
language I don't know I don't actually
know you can see that I've really
researched his course but I just even it
would be useful to know how to code I
want to learn Python first and then go
from there
you know I think it's important to UCSC
which was a disaster for me yeah you've
done some you know we did JavaScript but
I got only new - so she tried to teach
his plan for me to write in JavaScript
but there's no help UCL is tough but
amazing that's good then tough yeah no
but it's good like you'll be pushed
I'll stepping forward but I'm okay I
enjoy it - is a great beginner language
that's what I've heard
that's quite like people weren't like
c-sharp and stuff but it might be saying
that completely wrong my friends who do
computer science that's what they were
doing how do you my uni work and work
house in the balance so I go for my
morning runs all the time every day as
you can imagine this morning I woke up
and she was gone no that's not half this
what I'm in University yeah my morning
runs nice and early in the mornings like
they're just done with yeah that's that
sorted then you've got your chunk of the
day aim for about eight hours work a day
I'd say yeah I just think trying to have
evenings off as well yes sir and then
just shut you down your free time half
the evening off have a chill time it is
easier said than done
but yeah hey you don't stop loading is
this a sign is it son they've had enough
verse there was going to say if you have
to pick another color Cambridge which
would you pick
[Music]
Churchill so where you were I said this
before us little oh yeah I had I went to
a summer school at charge no before
starting I just really like it and it's
and the reason why I say it now is also
because it's like right next the
Institute of astronomy or I'm gonna be a
lot of the time next year so be very
convenient and I just like the college
it's a nice College Churchill I don't
get I don't think it gets like enough
said about it Congrats on getting it on
sale yeah ah she's being my friend
okay I think we'll take one more
question and then we're gonna go final
question let's make it a good one
yeah that's what we're gonna wait for a
good question I'm sure that we're good I
mean we'll go for that one do you think
you might have trouble finding a job in
astrophysics yes
is that what's holding you back from
just saying right now our good deal it's
very competitive from what I've heard
and even like if you get a PhD in it no
guarantee you're gonna get a job in it
so yeah I am worried that I won't get a
job in it which is why I'm looking at
other options as well okay thank you for
joining thank you
we haven't bored you too much yeah
welcome to our chats um we'll do another
one of these sometimes soon let us know
in the comments what you enjoy doing and
give us feedback we can update more as
what your astrophysics course like I'm
enjoying next time to be but don't
really love a chat so yeah yeah she's
gonna go out gonna have dinner with my
parents
[Music]